narrans. ola

ments of this world, aa having nothing in them solid,
sincere, or lasting, I could readily forego: but the
looking-for of that unknown state, into whichl am to
enter when l put off this body of frailty and corrup-
tion, is canfounding and terrible. The prospect into
futurity is all darkness and uncertainty; nor can the
nearest relation or friend, who is gone before me,
re-pass the gulf that is fixed between ua, to give me
the least notice or intimation of it. ’Tis this thought
that forbids me, polluted as 1 now am, though everso
much wearied with life, to wish for my dissolution;
this reminds me, that, though the body be sleeping
and moulderlng in the grave, the soul dieth not,
nor yet slumbereth: the place and condition of un-
bodied spirits, who of all mankind knoweth? What
thought can conceive that which the eye never saw,
nor the ear heard of? Who shall inform me of that
state, from whence therela no return?

Surcly there isa reward for the righteous; the
souls of the faithful, after they are delivered from
the burthen of the heah, are undoubtedly in joy and
felicity; but then where shall the ungodly and the
sinner appear? where shall l, who have spent many
years in idleness and vanity, and have no merit of my
own to plead for me? where shall 1, who have not
treasured up one good work to bespeak the favour of
the Almighty; and have only the sufferings of J esus
Christ-and those very sufferings often slighted‚

trampled on, and rejected by me-to offer in my
behalff

 

